hello my dear friends today
tell you how to make a face mask
with rose petals
for the preparation of the mask we need
Rose petals sour cream here I have home
sour cream olive oil whine like
universal but it can be replaced by
any other base oil which
I like you all this I will
enjoy almond oil also us
need a capacity which we are open
let's go do
Cyrus carefully ground in a blender
here they are already shredded add
one tablespoon of base oil and
our rose petals
next we need to add 1 teaspoon
sour cream take sour cream
it 's just a spoon somewhere
colors a teaspoon of us and everything turned out
mix it thoroughly set it up
mix for about 15 minutes
put we go on the face advantage
that it can be applied to the area before
use a mask to clean
individuals I do it with a tonic
do it myself
it perfectly clean the skin destroyed
microbes and also tones the recipe for it
tonic you can find under the video or in
top left on screen if
time allows it can still
try to steam your face so that
micronutrients better penetrated
you can go to skin like that
long enough i put for 30 minutes
If you keep it longer about who is
of course improve the result
use this mask can be
often enough well once twice a
week it all depends on the type and condition
skin i benefit her by need only
then when the skin will or very
dry here is not a complicated recipe
which will be available to everyone if you
liked the recipe put a finger up and
subscribe to my channel not to
miss my new recipes just
good